---
title: "Multi-source Transfer Learning for Signal Detection over a Fading Channel with Co-channel Interference"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2022-05-18-paper
#excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.'
date: 2022-05-18
venue: 'May 18'
paperurl: 'http://ziyanzheng.github.io/files/paper.pdf'
#citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---
For signal detection tasks in wireless communications, most of the existing algorithms either ignore the co-channel
interference or treat it as Gaussian noise, which may result in
unsatisfactory accuracy when the interference is non-negligible
and complex-distributed. When neural networks are motivated
in the design of the detectors, difficulty arises in the training
due to the fact that there are few accessible pilots in each
packet. In this paper, we consider a data-driven detector based
on multi-source transfer learning (MSTL) for signal detection in
a fading channel with interference. The MSTL detector transfers
channel knowledge of previous packets into the latest detection.
In particular, we consider a linear combination of the pilots
and historical symbols in the distribution space, and design the
optimal combination coefficients based on the number of those
symbols as well as distributions similarity. Numerical simulations
on a Gauss-Markov flat Rayleigh fading channel with co-channel
interference validate the advantages of our algorithms, compared
with several existing training schemes including directly applying
the fully connected deep neural network (FCDNN) and conventional linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE) detector.

[Download paper here](http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper.pdf)

#Recommended citation: Your Name, You. (2009). "Paper Title Number 1." <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).
