---
title: "Mathematics Applied In Our Life: Game Theory and Probability Theory"
collection: talks
type: "Presentation"
permalink: /talks/2020-06-05
date: 2019-02-12
location: "Guangzhou, China"
---

This talk introduces some interesting applications of the Game Theory and Probability Theory in our life.
To most of us, we don’t want to miss the marriage if we find the person who we think is the best partner.  
You may wonder which age to marry achieves the most rationality. Now we can try to solve out this problem. 
It is supposed that you started dating when you’re 18, and ideally you’d like to be married by the time that you’re 35.  
Then you have to choose a percentage that you should reject all your partners to step into your marriage before this percentage of persons you have met. 
And then you should pick the next person that comes along that is better than everybody you’ve seen before. 
According to the Optimal Stopping Theory, the best strategy is to reject everybody as serious marriage potential in the first 37％ period. 
That is about 24.3 years old. 
So on the mathematical theoretic level, you have the highest probability of meeting the best partner if we start to consider marriage after the 37% time point. 
Of course, there are many other variables during the period we haven’t consider.
If you are interested, you could make a further study of this model. But anyway, it provides us with a rational way to consider our marriage age.

[Download the slides here](http://ziyanzheng.github.io/files/gametheory.pdf)
